---
layout: post
title: What happened from July 11th to July 17th
---


**What did you do this past week?**

This past week is the first week in the transition from the first session of the summer to the second session of the summer. This session im taking 8 am classes so its taking a while to get used to waking up at 6 or 7 am every morning. The past week in this class I have spent the majority of my time working on the second and third phase of the final project, the website. I will go into the website and the group project later in this blog. In class, we started going over sql and relations, which I found to be pretty boring at the time but I learned a lot from the discussions and the presentations.

**What's in your way?**

Well, the second and third phase of the project have not been going as well as expected. Although we spent a large amount of time working on the second phase over 4 days, we still did not finish the project on time and had to turn it in late. It was very frustating for me to work for 4 days in a row on the project and still not get it done in time, but what is done is done. The third phase of the project is what we think is less work, but we may be underestimating its difficulty and may be burned again, but I hope not. We also have to work on the critque over the other Comic website, but I believe we are going to do that after we turn in the third phase.

**What will you do next week?**

Well, the next week is mainly going to be wrapping up the project and then studying for the test. I've heard rumors from our group that the test has a large portion of sql and relations on it, so I will start studying that soon. I also have to balance studying for the test with the English class I am taking and the project and presentations, so I will need to manage my time wisely, or else it could end very badly. 

**Experience in the class**

The quizzes this week were better , but I think its because there was no reading questions on the quizzes. As stated in the above blog discussions, the classes this week were kind of tiring and boring, but it might have been because I felt the information was very repetitive. I don't think I could believe it before this week, but I miss working in a group/ partners in class on a problem, it was very engaging. 

**pick-of-the-week**

Destroying all if statements?
 **[Click here for Article](http://degoes.net/articles/destroy-all-ifs)**


