---
layout: post
title: What happened from June 13th to June 19th
---

**What did you do this past week?**

  This past week I was working on catching up with projects in this class and in Intro to computer security. I spent the majority of my time outside of class working on the Collatz project, which I am still not 100% sure I did correctly. I am beginning to start the netflix project without a partner, which is a bad idea in mutliple ways.
  
  Like he stated before, the doing the actual coding part did not take a lot of time, but doing the required steps after submitting to sphere caused me some problems and induced some minor rage. What took me the longest compared to what should have been the shortest amount of time was i was using travis-ci.org instead of travis-ci.com, so time was wasted wondering why the build would not show up.
  
  
  
 **What's in your way?**

  Right now what's in my way is I have a hard time just getting started on the project. Before I wasn't starting because the pickle files weren't up yet, now I haven't started because I don't want to copy the templates and remake them for the netflix project, etc. What's also causing some problems is using python, I was trying to do this project on my own machine and through sshing into the lab machines, but I can't get some of the imports to work, which is a minor pain.

**What will you do next week?**

  I have to look at the schedule and when we get the next project, but next week will probably be studying for the test and finishing up the netflix project, on top of doing the readings and other class work. Depending on if we get a new project or new information is shown to be on the test, I might do some outside coding practice for the later projects/ for personal projects as well. 
  
 **Experience in the class**

  I did a lot better on the quizzes this week, so that is a plus. I'm still waiting on seeing what I got on the Collatz project, which could be good or bad. During class, I think there could be less time spent on working in groups when you are generating your own code/solution, but I know that's because Professor Downing is walking around making sure the groups are good to go. The other other little problem I have with the class is that sometimes the Github examples can get a little stale, but it's not that big of a deal.
  
**pick-of-the-week**
 
A story about a compromised servers being sold on an underground market


 **[Click here for Article](https://threatpost.com/inside-the-xdedic-hacked-server-marketplace/118713/)**
