---
layout: post
title: What happened from June 6th to 12th
---

**What did you do this past week?**

  This week I started classes against for the summer session at UT Austin, so it was a transition back to school work from the two week break. I was orginially taking 3 cs classes, mobile computing, software engineering, and intro to computer security, but I dropped mobile security for several reasons, including realizing mobile computing does not interest me and there is a lot of work taking these three classes at the same time. Some of the introduction and required reading's for these classes were pretty dry, so it took a while to get through the readings. I also started to solve problems on codeforces again, thanks to the influence of sphere, but I am not very good so the problems are pretty hard and take a while to solve.
  
 **What's in your way?**

  What's in my way right now is that there is currently two large soccer tournaments going on, Euro 2016 and Copa America, which do not help my case for working on the projects and outside work in this class as I spend a large amount of time watching the games that go on in the tournaments. I was also unlucky to get sick as soon as the summer semester started, so I was battling a strep throat/ cold that is in its waning stages. Finally, it will take some use to getting use to walking to class on hot summer days and not using my phone and computer during class, as I tend to use my phone and laptop for everyday tasks.

**What will you do next week?**

  Next week I will likely continue reading the books and papers for the class, and to finish up the collatz project. I might start taking notes on hand as well as relying on the Google documents because I feel there is several information that does make it's way to the Google document from in the class discussion.
  
 **Experience in the class**

  I have a bit of social anxiety so class and was sick the first week so class was pretty hard for me. I got pretty nervous and was a bit unprepared on the quizzes so the grades on the quizzes were not what I wanted, but I feel that I can bring the scores up to par the following week and for the rest of the course. I feel like for a semester long class packed into a nine week course, the work load and hardness of the course will likely increase next week and as we further progress into the course.
  
**pick-of-the-week**
 
A story about a group who used AI to write screenplays for movies.

Visit http://arstechnica.com/the-multiverse/2016/06/an-ai-wrote-this-movie-and-its-strangely-moving/
 
